# William Marjoribanks | Photography Website

Welcome to William Marjoribanks' Photography website. It has been designed by William Marjoribanks, a Full Stack Web Development student at Code Institute, Dublin. 
It has been designed to be responsive and accessible across various devices and marketed toward those interested in viewing a photography portfolio.

## User Experience (UX)

## User Stories

### First Time Visitor Goals
* As a new user to the site, I want to be able to visit the site and understand its main purpose.
* As a new user to the site, I want to be able to navigate easily through the site to find specific content regarding the site's purpose and purchase
  artworks through a third party website.
* As a new user to the site, I want to have the option to sign up to new content updates by submitting my email address by means of a contact form.
* As a new user to the site, I want to have the option to visit social media sites, related to the author and owner of the photography portfolio.

### Returning Visitor Goals

* As a returning user to the site, I want to be able to contact the author and owner of potential project ideas.
* As a returning user to the site, I want to be able to find out about purchases made, and who is responsible for returns and refunds.
* As a returning user to the site, I want to be informed of any discounts or offers available for sale against the cost of the art promote 
  through the gallery and third party site, PicFair.

### Frequent User Goals
* As a frequent user of the site, I want to visit the blog page of the site to keep up to date of any new content added.

## Design 

### Colour Scheme
The colour theme chosen to style the included content was generated by Coolors. The colour palette began with a Pewter blue, for the navigation bar
and footer. a contrasting green was used for cursor hovering and buttons, with a custom black and contrasting cream colour used throughout for text input,
and content.

### Typography
Throughout the site, a constant theme used was by using Italiana, Nanum Gothic and Almaira, from Google Fonts. Italiana was
used against headings and input forms including buttons, and Nanum Gothic as the primary font for navigation links and text content
not included in any heading elements. Almaira was used against the heading and content elements in the Modal Window to match that of the
third party site where images can be purchased. Sans Serif was used as a substitute where the aforementioned custom fonts were not supported 
by selected browsers or devices.
### Imagery
With imagery being at the forefront and of utmost importance to the site, original artworks owned by William Marjoribanks, was used throughout
the website to display high quality images, and the result they could expect from purchasing a piece from the portfolio.

## Wireframes

# Features
* High quality photography portfolio.
* Interactive links to related social media networks and subscription.
* Interactive links to purchase artworks through a third party website.

# Technologies Used

## Languages Used

* HTML5
* CSS3

## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
* Bootstrap 4.5
* GitHub
* Gitpod
* WireframeCC - This service was utilised to create sample wireframe guides to structure the content to be displayed on the site.
* Google Fonts
* Font Awesome
* Coolors - This service, was used to generate a colour palette which would be used against all elements in a consistent theme throughout
  the site.
* Lightroom 4 - Pre-installed photography editing software used to compress the images used throughout the gallery pages.


# Testing

## Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

### First Time Visitor Goals
### Returning Visitor Goals
### Frequent User Goals

## Further Testing

# Known Bugs

# Deployment

## GitHub Pages

# Credits

## Code
* **Hover** effect on 'Choose Art' button on homepage, found at: https://www.developerdrive.com/8-simple-css-hover-effects/

## Content
## Media
## Acknowledgements

